docs: update error handling section (#1567)
trpc/trpc: www/docs/server/error-handling.md

slug: /error-handling
---

> Whenever an error occurs in a procedure, tRPC responses to the client with an object that includes an "error" property. This property contains all the information that you need to handle the error in the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever an error occurs in a procedure, tRPC responds to the client with an object that includes an "error" property. This property contains all the information that you need to handle the error in the client.
```

| NOT_FOUND             | The server cannot find the requested resource.                                                                          | 404       |
| TIMEOUT               | The server would like to shut down this unused connection.                                                              | 408       |
| PRECONDITION_FAILED   | Access to the target resource has been denied.                                                                          | 412       |
| PAYLOAD_TOO_LARGE     | Request entity is larger than limits defined by server.                                                                 | 413       |
| METHOD_NOT_SUPPORTED  | The server knows the request method, but the target resource doesn't support this method.                               | 405       |
| CLIENT_CLOSED_REQUEST | Access to the resource has been denied.                                                                                 | 499       |
| INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR | An unspecified error occurred.                                                                                          | 500       |

## Throwing errors

> tRPC providers an error subclass, `TRPCError`, which you can use to represend an error that occurred inside a procedures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tRPC provides an error subclass, `TRPCError`, which you can use to represent an error that occurred inside a procedure.
```
